Nicaea (#65)
Joystream/helpdesk: roles/storage-lead/README.md

  - `fill_opening_successful_applicant_application_stake_unstaking_period` - Only "Application" stake:
    - If an Opening is ended with one or more Workers hired, `x`is the number of blocks until the hired Worker(s) Application stake is returned.
  - `fill_opening_failed_applicant_*_stake_unstaking_period` - "Application" and/or "Role" stake:
    - If an Opening is ended with one or more Workers hired, `x`is the number of blocks until the Application stake is returned to those that were not hired.
  - `terminate_*_stake_unstaking_period` - "Application" and/or "Role" stake:
    - If an Application was terminated, this keeps their stake(s) locked for `x` blocks. May be useful to stop spammers.
    - If no one was hired, this keeps their Application stake locked for `x` blocks. May be overly harsh?
  - `exit_role_*_stake_unstaking_period` - "Application" and/or "Role" stake:
    - If a Worker exits their role, this keeps their stake(s) locked for `x` blocks.
    - Should be used for the Role stake
    - Maybe not so useful for the Application stake?

#### Human Readable Information and Questions

> The second part is filling out a JSON schema, where you can set what information is provided and asked for by potential applicants. As stated above, you should consider creating a draft first, to review your input before broadcasting on-chain. Here are some pointers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second part is filling out a JSON schema, where you can set what information is provided to applicants and what details are collected as part of the application process. As mentioned above, you should consider creating a draft first, to review your input before broadcasting on-chain. Here are some pointers:
```

        } struct:
          Provide value for title Sections Title 1
          Providing values for questions vector:
            Do you want to add another entry to questions vector (currently: 0)? Yes
            Providing values for {
              title:Text
              type:Text
            } struct:
              Provide value for title Questions Title 0 in Section 1
              Provide value for type text
            Do you want to add another entry to questions vector (currently: 1)? No
        Do you want to add another entry to sections vector (currently: 2)? No
    Provide value for reward x tJOY per n blocks
    Providing values for creator struct:
      Providing values for membership struct:
        Provide value for handle Lead
    Providing values for process struct:
      Providing values for details vector:
        Do you want to add another entry to details vector (currently: 0)? Yes
        Provide value for Text Detail 0
        Do you want to add another entry to details vector (currently: 1)? Yes
        Provide value for Text Detail 1
        Do you want to add another entry to details vector (currently: 2)? No
```

> If sent, upi can look at your Opening using the `working-groups:opening <WGOPENINGID>`, which returns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If successfully submitted, you can look at your Opening using the `working-groups:opening <WGOPENINGID>`, which returns:
```

Last status change            ~ 6:31:06 AM 7/29/2020 (#194118)
Application stake             >= 1.000k JOY                    
Role stake                    >= 1.001k JOY                    

_______________ Unstaking periods ________________

Crowded Out Application Stake Unstaking Period Length:                  1 blocks  
Crowded Out Role Stake Unstaking Period Length:                         3 blocks  
Exit Role Application Stake Unstaking Period:                           10 blocks
Exit Role Stake Unstaking Period:                                       11 blocks
Fill Opening Failed Applicant Application Stake Unstaking Period:       6 blocks  
Fill Opening Failed Applicant Role Stake Unstaking Period:              7 blocks  
Fill Opening Successful Applicant Application Stake Unstaking Period:   5 blocks  
Review Period Expired Application Stake Unstaking Period Length:        2 blocks  
Review Period Expired Role Stake Unstaking Period Length:               4 blocks  
Terminate Application Stake Unstaking Period:                           8 blocks  
Terminate Role Stake Unstaking Period:                                  9 blocks  
```

### Accepting Applications

> Once enough applications have submitted, these can now be reviewed to decide who should be hired as a `Storage Provider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once enough applications have been submitted, these can now be reviewed to decide who should be hired as a `Storage Provider`.
```

The command to be used is the following: `working-groups:startReviewPeriod <WGOPENINGID>`.

You can find the `WGOPENINGID` in the URL in Pioneer or through a chain state query of the currently active openings.

### Processing Applications

> As soon as the opening is in the `In Review` status, you can start hiring!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as the opening is in the `In Review` state, you can start hiring!
```
